{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9600\viewh7020\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Flashless\

\b\fs24 Useless Coding\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://useless.github.com/flashless"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://useless.github.com/flashless}}\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 A WebKit plug-in to display preview images for Flash based video services and block the rest.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Version 2.0\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\'95 Increased performance thanks to multithreading.\
\'95 Display Icons also in very small Flash elements.\
\'95 Use command/option/shift keys for original/download/direct play.\
\'95 Support for blip.tv, Vimeo, Flickr, and universal YouTube downloads.\
\'95 Support for Snow Leopard and 64 bit. (Already in version 1.5)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 Usage\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 Flashless
\i0  replaces all Flash elements on a site with an unobtrusive graphic. To show the original flash just click on the placeholder.\
\
For content from a supported video services a preview image of the video is displayed. So you can see what video will be played before even loading the Flash element. The name of the service is displayed in the lower right corner.\
\
At many popular video services you can directly download the video. Just hold the option key and click the arrow.\
\
Many more options available from the menu. You can remove elements from the site. You can play or remove all elements from the same source.\
\

\i Flashless
\i0  is an open source project hosted on GitHub. Feel free to contribute.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://github.com/useless/Flashless"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://github.com/useless/Flashless\
}}\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 License and Copyright\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
Copyright Useless Coding 2009.\
Portions Copyright ClickToFlash Developers.\
\
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person\
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation\
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,\
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,\
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,\
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,\
subject to the following conditions:\
\
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be\
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.\
\
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,\
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES\
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND\
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT\
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,\
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING\
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR\
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\
}